START
	Files include HTML and images only so we can focus on CSS.
	Show wireframe and discuss sitemaps
	Agenda:
		Download starter repo
		Project setup
		Layout and Mobile-first responsiveness
		Backgrounds and Typography
		Visual elements, special cases, details, and one-offs.
		Testing, testing, testing
PROJECT SETUP
	Create Styles folder and stylesheet
	Add links to stylesheet
	bg color = red to test connection

LAYOUT AND MOBILE FIRST RESPONSIVENESS
	MOBILE LAYOUT
	Use mobile emulator for your first design!!!
	display: grid on body
	move aside outside of main
	Set template
	Define grid areas (with clown colours to help see the layout on the page)
	Repair image links by renaming the files, not the links
	DESKTOP LAYOUT SETUP
	Insert metadata tag
	Create media query and use clown colour to test that it works
	DESKTOP LAYOUT
	Redo template-areas
	Redo column measurements
	Wrap jobs, job, school, and portfolio in divs so we can flex
	Set flex-wrap, justify-content, and job width (leave school width and portfolio width)
	On .job and .piece set width to 45% and 30% to get jobs and portfolio pieces into their own mini-grids.
BACKGROUNDS
	Set html bg color to off-white (to have easier contrast with the off-black we're going to use for the text)
	Add reset script (should've done this waaaay earlier)
	Move portfolio pieces around because the reset made me realize there's a better layout possible.
TYPOGRAPHY
	Create new typography script with clown colours to see if it's hooked up right.
	Remove the clown colours and pick something nice. I picked a warm off-black and a lighter version of the same.
	I do a lot of back and forth with typography because I find it to be finicky, 
	but I still try to work from most-general to most-specific. 
	In this case I started by setting global styles, 
	then working down through the headings in order of their hierarchy. 
	I left off with the "Now Teaching!" text which was a special one-off case. 
	I also lightened and shrunk the titles of the portfolio pieces so that the text wouldn't distract from the images.
	I try to make sure I pick good font-faces based on advice from online 
	(pairing fonts is like pairing wines and cheeses)
	ADD THE CONTENT FOR THE SOCIAL LINKS
	The footer needed a bit more whitespace.
	Had to style the links seperately from the rest of the text. 
	(I chose to use the underlines to highlight links on hover)
VISUAL ELEMENTS, SPECIAL CASES, DETAILS, AND ONE-OFFS
	This is the time to start getting picky with the little things. 
	This part is where most people seem to start on, 
	but I think you will find it much easier now that you have the broad strokes.

	Made the photo a circle and brought the label up to overlap the photo.
	Added some padding to the aside (mobile only)
	Added height to .piece h2 because I wanted all of the pictures in-line w/ each other.
	